you step out the front door and get in
the car
no way around it there's a chore to be
done and it's not going to be enjoyable
you need groceries you only needed
toilet paper and some oranges but
somehow you left a store with four bags
of groceries
it happens just gotta put them in the
trunk
oh wait it's full there's a bunch of old
stuff in there that you were gonna
donate
you're not gonna dump your groceries in
the back seat either they might tip
over here's the solution
[Music]
grab yourself a couple of snap hooks
take your headrest and bring it up just
a bit
now you have space to place the hooks on
those metal bits
now just open the hooks and hang up your
bags
perfect oh you like that good
here's some more knowledge for you to
make your life as a driver a bit easier
we've all felt those nasty hot sunny
days
days when you always wish you had a
drink in your hand
well today is one of those days at the
store
you bought a coke the kind you need a
bottle opener for
the only problem is you don't have one
don't fret
you see these metal things on the seat
belt they keep you safe
but they're also the exact shape of a
bottle opener
easy still got some old dvd cases lying
around
dust one off and get ready to make a
sweet car stereo cover
here's what you do grab a pair of
scissors and cut off the edges
the idea is to create a flat almost
paper-like cover
the rest is easy you go down to your car
with your new do-it-yourself cover
cut off any extra bits and place it
under the stereo system
so it doesn't fall out then all you need
to do
is close it keeps it nice and clean plus
no one will get any bad ideas
you're out for a drive but you left your
phone holder at home
ugh nuts maybe you need a little gps
maybe you need to make some calls or
record your latest watch me drive around
vlog
so you need to improvise a little reach
under the seat and pull out some elastic
bands
you're obviously not using them for
anything none down there
check the glove box bingo next
wrap one or two bands tightly around the
air vent then shove your phone in the
middle if you do it right
you'll have a do-it-yourself phone
holder for when you're in a pinch
if you do it wrong well hello modern art
if you've just got your driver's license
or even a new car
and you're not quite familiar with the
feel of it yet there's a simple trick
you can use
to get the hang of your new wheels take
a plastic bottle
and place it in front of your car then
just drive over the bottle a couple of
times
forward and backwards this will help you
get a feel for exactly where the wheels
are
and how big the front of your car is
okay so you feel like you've got a
hidden artsy side
but you're afraid that you've got no
talent what you need
is the perfect art partner your car
take a couple of tiny paint bottles and
place them in a row
right there on your driveway then prop
up a blank canvas right in front of them
you can use a huge piece of cardboard a
stretched out bed sheet
or some nice blank paper now here's the
fun part
get back in the car start the engine and
drive over them
they'll splash paint all over the canvas
and create unique and
abstract art congratulations you're
officially
an artist when you're driving
cross-country
your biggest enemy might be your eyelids
they keep drooping down
if this is you next time you go on a
road trip pack
an air mattress feeling a bit drowsy on
the road
pull over somewhere safe set up your air
mattress in the back seat
and take a power nap you'll wake up
feeling good as new
ready to hit the road again you can even
just leave the mattress back there
ready for when you want to rest your
head again
if you're traveling with a buddy they
might feel sleepy during the long trip
too
this one's a bit easier get your car one
of those fluffy seat belt covers
your co-pilot can just tilt their head
to the side and take a nap
let's just hope they don't snore
your mirrors might be too small to show
you exactly what you need to see on the
road
those blind spots can be annoying and
you can end up with a sore neck from all
that twisting around
every time you change lanes with a new
and improved
180 degree mirror you won't have to keep
doing your best
owl impression picture this
you've now got four people in the car
your buddy next to you
sleeping on that awesome seatbelt cover
you installed and two
other friends bored out of their minds
in the back seat
playing with their phones before the
trip
because you're a good host you charge up
your tablet so that they can watch a
movie or something
but who's going to want to hold the
tablet up for two whole hours
just use one of these ready to go tablet
holders that you can hook onto the front
seat
it's like one of those touch screens
that they have on the new airplanes
hundreds of movies to choose from
private and personal
what a great host and those backseat
passengers deserve
even more comfort whip out some suction
cups
and make some extra storage your friends
didn't even know they needed it
they can hang up some cloth to block the
sun a bag of chips a portable fan
it's perfect until you accidentally roll
down their window
the trunk it's more like a luggage
volcano than a tidy closet
it's messy so why not improvise a
do-it-yourself
pop-up divider system to keep things
tidy
you can use wood or just some trusty
cardboard boxes
one section for food one for useless
papers
one for luggage and one for that road
map you haven't used in 10 years
am i forgetting something if you're on a
long drive
your back might start to hurt and oh man
you forgot to pack your air mattress
just chuck a lumbar back support pillow
under your seat
and pull it out when you're feeling sore
not all of us are great parkers
let's face it you might have scraped
your car a little now and then
when you weren't being too careful pick
up a few of those awesome rubber
chickens that squawk when you squeeze
them
warning you will look ridiculous but
you'll never scratch your car
up again okay get them out before
parking
and hook them to the front and back
corners of your car
when you get too close to a post or wall
or someone else's car
the chickens will belt out their epic
song
and if you keep going anyway they'll act
as a soft bumper
to protect your paint job you made it
home the trip was a success
and now your car is seriously dirty
there's a few spots that you just can't
clean
that's okay grab yourself a little slime
yeah you heard that right slime smear it
on those spots where the muck just won't
come off
that gunk will stick to the other gunk
now you just wipe it all off don't know
what slime is
here in for a fun evening on youtube
do you have a fluffy friend that usually
rides around with you in the back
sure it keeps you company but wow does
it shed look at all that fur it left you
as a thank you present
thanks you love your dog but come on
why can't they just shed in the backyard
okay dog rant over
grab yourself a backseat cover aka a
blanket
long enough to cover the seat and the
backrest so even if your canine buddy
moves around
all that extra hair goes right on the
cover
just remember to give it its own laundry
cycle you don't want hair all over your
clean clothes